so what's life like as a Stanford
University student well let's go there
and find out with my new friend what's
your name I'm hun nice to meet you I
studied computer science I just finished
my first year I'm a rising sophomore can
you take me through a typical day in the
life of a Stanford computer science
student generally classes start at
Stanford usually around 10:30 first I
wake up in my dorm get ready breakfast
is really easy to get you can just go to
any dining hall we have a lot of them
that are themed like Wilbur dining hall
it's Asian themed I usually get
breakfast for like 20 minutes then I had
to head off to class and I will bike to
class in like 5 to 10 minutes the campus
is huge
if you walk it'll take you like 20
minutes to get to class it's pretty big
yet so once you get to class
si s classes are usually huge especially
the intro courses I did CS 106 a or you
can also take 106 X if you've already
had experience with computer science the
classes are very high-tech look at these
4k cameras right above the professor
will usually record the lectures so
sometimes you don't even have to show up
to class that's why I did a lot last
year you can just watch those whenever
you want how long are these classes
usually they're like 15 minutes which is
really nice super short succinct but
straight to the point
also we have a tutoring center your TAS
will be there throughout the night to
help you with your CS projects and you
usually get assignments once a week and
those are big projects that you have to
work through solve it with your coding
skills after you finish your first class
what time would it be like 12:00 and
then it's like time for lunch and you
can again go to a new dining hall
usually have lunch for like 30 minutes
afterwards it's any other classes that
you have in the afternoon I usually
finish around like 4:00 4:30 then I have
rugby practice at Stanford that's like
two hours and then time for dinner and
then homework for the rest of the night
usually
[Music]
how many classes do you usually have in
a day I would say two to three it
depends on how you plan your schedule
most of the classes will feel like one
right after the other which people like
because every freshmen live on Stanford
campus
yes freshmen are required to live on
Stanford campus how much time do you
think you spend on studying I usually
will dedicate around two to three hours
a night just studying I like to spread
it out so I'm not just stuck studying so
much for one night what time do you
usually go to bed then I'm a night owl
but most people will be up until 1:00 or
2:00 is sports a big thing at Stanford
yeah I think Stanford holds the record
for the most national championships I
went to the hall of champions today it's
pretty incredible do you think the
courses are like pretty challenging or
are they easy hmm
to be honest it depends on which courses
but the ones I've taken so far have been
okay that's good the teachers are very
helpful they want you to succeed they
want you to do well in their classes so
always reach out for help what do you
guys like to do on campus when you're
not studying so as Stanford we have a
organization called Cardinal knights and
they host a bunch of events on the
weekends especially like Fridays for
student life we have things like free
tickets to basketball games baseball
games otherwise there's always a lot of
parties happening on the row the row is
where all the frat houses sorority
houses are do you think Stanford life is
more focused on studying them oh
definitely yeah you'll see people like
doing work everywhere you go and then
what about the weekends what you guys
like to do on the weekends on the
weekends for me in my personal
experience I went home a lot because I
lived really close but otherwise there's
not much to do right outside of campus
there's downtown Palo Alto but places to
eat aren't very wide-ranging and they're
very expensive as well so most people
stay on campus and hang out with the
friends go fountain hopping catch up on
work doctor hopping like we did just now
it's gonna be cold
oh well then let's go away next all
right should we go again oh did you guys
all go in how many did you go to four
nice what's your favorite thing about
studying at Stanford I think it's the
different ways you are challenged to
navigate a new professional academic
setting I know for me with my identity
as like a queer woman of color that it's
been definitely challenging but I've
learned a lot through other people and
I've learned a lot about myself in the
process so lastly what is the one piece
of advice you have for incoming freshmen
my advice would be to not get stuck in
the bubble of Stanford and really think
of your impact think of what you want to
leave for this community but also
communities that aren't within Stanford
such as Palo Alto you think about your
impact hmm that's good advice thank you
if after watching this video you're like
oh damn I want to learn computer science
now or I want to go to Stanford then you
gotta check out today's master borough
en org their link in the description so
I thought learning computer science was
hard until I started using brilliant
drawing the org is a problem-solving
website that teaches you math science
and computer science I'm brewing
you're not just memorizing things
instead you actively learn the concepts
by applying them to problems so it's
very simple to learn and it's very fun
especially they're beginning a computer
science class so you vest in yourself go
to Bro and org slash half of to sign up
for free plus they're gonna give you the
half way university scholarship the
first 200 people to sign up using the
link in the description will get 20% off
their annual premium subscription so
what are you waiting for go check it out
here are my parting words Steve Jobs
said it best at the Stanford
commencement stay hungry stay foolish
and stay tuned for more videos coming
cuz UCLA is coming next hit that
subscribe button
my name is Han Fuqua I'll see you in the
next video peace